hey guys welcome back to iphone spies
today I'm going to show you how to
jailbreak your iphone or ipod touch
running on the 3.1 firmware now this is
the first pwnage tool that the dev team
has released and basically what the 3.1
firmware they updated the baseband so
it's a lot harder to jailbreak now so
the dev team will be releasing
jailbreaks in increments when they get
to it basically this jailbreak will only
work for the iphone 3g the original
iphone or the first generation ipod
touch if you have anything else it will
not work again that's the iphone 2g
iphone 3g or ipod touch 1st generation
alright so before we get started let me
tell you what you need you will need
your iphone or ipod touch upgraded to
firmware 3.1 obviously and you'll also
need two things you'll need pwnage tool
and the firmware ipsw file i'll include
links in the article over at iphone
spies so you can check that out but yeah
before you get started make sure you're
at this step and also have your iphone
or ipod touch connected to your computer
in this case it's a Mac because right
now this is only for the mac OS all
right so let's get started we've
downloaded everything we have our iphone
in our case it's an iphone 3g we have
our iphone 3g connected to the mac so
open up the pwnage tool i might give you
a message like this just ignore click
open anyways all right okay and then
here it's i mean this is all very
intuitive so here go ahead and select
whatever device you have we have the
iphone 3g so we're going to pick that
click here to continue now this will
automatically find the restore file on
your computer so it already did just
click that once make sure it's checked
it continued again it'll tell you this
will create a custom ipsw file so if you
don't know what the job
making process does is it basically
modifies a few files within your
firmware file and then it uploads that
custom firmware into your device alright
so this step is probably going to take a
while so might cut the video short for
this for the duration here and you have
an iphone 3gs or 3g or 3gs contact that
you would not activate normally through
itunes so did you get your iPhone from
AT&T in our case yes we did so we're
going to hit yes it's going to be
building so we'll cut out right now
alright so it's done and you'll get this
message and ask you how's your iphone 3g
been poned before and if you if you're
unsure just click no and in our case it
actually hasn't been so no alright this
step teaches you how to put the device
into dfu mode dfu mode is basically the
mode in which the iphone can have its
firmware changed it's called device file
upload something like that forget but at
this step if you don't if you've never
done this before I suggest you watch our
video on how to put your device into dfu
mode and but if you think you can get it
the first time through this will just
teacher it's pretty it's pretty basic
process I won't go over that again this
time around so I'm just going to go
ahead and turn my device off taking a
while holding
success itunes opens up okay click OK
and ignore that all right okay and
that's it for the pwnage tool portion
now we're just going to go into itunes
and we're going to hit restore but we're
going to hit control restore because we
have to find the custom firmware that we
built or is a command restore
no cancel that standby option restore
there we go it's option restore sorry
about that i'm not used to using a mac
either All Right see our custom restore
ipsw it's already made just choose that
and you'll see there you go that's
that's all you have to do and now I just
sit back and just wait if your iphone
doesn't explode then you've successfully
done it this is good i mean the odds are
pretty good it'll be successful like
some ten percent or something now i'm
just kidding